yes yes
let's see example are recording
always for people older than 12 years old not
you can see
to 19
speak now speak Italian or the false
Italian to see
and a woman
the umbrella always remains second in
the dramas once
but it's a little bit
They know that a friend also in high schools
they hit a paper airplane in the eye
that's why I'm afraid of you
It is very traumatic
in the eye and masculine
and as you come back he asks us what
did
now
hello let's go of the pretty ones
and he is also pretty
and good
m
it's like romantic I do not know colors
me inside a house
help
cute
I believe that there is an effect coming to
Latin America it seems good to me that
put koreans in your life and to be done
a canteen
stay
and the field
yes
Elena
or laugh alone
Maya
in Italian
You feel Italian because you still
it is no longer called an appointment but the moon
it seems that they ended up how the
stage
because it 's in your mind that's why you're in
mirror
I'm right to have a parallel world
you did not know that fall she never existed
you see the symbology all women should
far was the mom of a dream
can be
by venevisión
in favor
l
no longer
I tremble
I go for you love but no one
finally broke the barriers of the pod
and following the point yes yes
I'm going for you and the bad Spanish eta
then for another one thinking that they were
is to do as it is but why
At least one hour of dinner what
want is very important very short
we also want to see if I wanted to talk
more here in that expensive mirror that
broke with a chair with a chair
very expensive because it also looks
and well I prefer not to talk about that anymore
that he was phobic about the video seriously in
the high school I was very silly girl
when a young man was
if they did nothing
of cardboard and good throughout the room and
You know who I have in the eye
32 years old